in what year our country ukraine became
part of the soviet union and how
we don’t know who founded moscow that’s who the
founder of moscow was the
blade
prince so his name was
vladimir emilyevich you will tell us there
ukraine
was created from thin so narrowly poland and
so on so if we dig deeper  and it
turns out it’s the other way around uk ukraine
created moscow so
kiev prince yuri dolgoruky founded
moscow
kiev not ukrainian
good afternoon
look at people from russia i
’ll ask people from russia how do you feel about
the war ukraine
well which goes to a clinical snow
captivity and
what should mind  something of a
special operation to release
correctly analyst well, that is, in fact, a
war, I understand it is called a
special operation, you are forbidden to call it a
war according to how you approach this,
it is when the entire
population of the male population of the country
is mobilized well in Afghanistan there was a war when the
Soviet Union was in full place  or that it was a
special operation,
that is, it’s not
even officially called a war  the
rest of the war is not warriors, by the
way, in what year is the last
war you think started
what well, which you called it the Moscow Ring Road
domestic to the
servers qualitatively 2 worlds the authors of the video
2 23 will move the coals of economic
investors the world
first year
when
Hitler, together with yours and for a moment
your country  then it was part
of ours over our country was part of
our country was occupied by the Soviet
Union part was part of the best but
how and tell me in what year our country
Ukraine became part of the Soviet Union
and how
we don’t know
yes you look was the Ukrainian people’s
republic
was it really like that  the state is like Ukraine,
well, look at the Ukrainian people’s
republic
so that even under Lenin they captured it,
but not really you need to kill
it, I think
take it now, google it there how
Ukraine got into the Soviet Union,
or, for example, take the Ukrainian
people’s republic
now
Wikipedia, you can Anastasia  need a minimum
head she had mih there  ail
hrushevsky
after the division of
profits right-bank Ukraine
[music]
in the 20th century, carrying the twentieth century of the
Russian empire on November 20, the
seventeenth year,
917, the Ukrainian people's republic,
on January 5, 918, the People's Republic of China, by the council, announced an
independent civil revolution, however, and did not
complete with the establishment of Soviet
power and the formation of Ukrainian,
that is  if you delve a little more
what is behind these words, that is,
Ukraine was a sovereign state at
that moment, just like
also to the cuirass, it was on the terms of the
wreckage of the Russian empire that
independent national states arose and
then Ukraine was for what year
Ukraine got  Google it into the Soviet Union
and
read 1722, so
if Ukraine
became part of the Soviet Union in
the 22nd year, then where it was between 17 and 22,
you see, yes, that is, it turns out we were
an independent state and Russia captured us,
don’t wait, look if  if you
break
to fight, then your country, in principle, happened because of the division of Poland and then it was included in the Russian empire, that is, now, that is, to be more divided and then some part more became part of the Russian come on then let me hurt me let's even more let's go deeper who founded moscow that's who the founder of moscow was the blade prince that was his name here the world is not your prince prince of kiev yuri dolgorukiy but moscow was founded by the prince of kiev you may have forgotten so it turns out you tell us there ukraine was created from thin so narrowly poland and so on so we if the cops already get it the other way around uk ukraine created moscow so kiev prince yuri dolgorukiy founded services Kyiv is not a ukrainian floor ukraine here we are at our front and right there and at that moment it was part of what, well, that’s right, just over our territory the country used to be called rus russia gates and in general during ukraine within the boundaries of the year it was well, such a country what year how  oh year,
well,
from this mandar, okay askold, and
what was Russia like before one thousand six hundred and
forty-five years, what were the borders of
Russia,
yes, 1645, in what borders was
something smaller, really, than now it was very much
on the Angola menu
, yes, just for  Why are you
telling me that Ukraine in
some year 30 years ago was within some
such borders, such Russia was a
small swamp of business cards, that is, and
I look at Lviv so toxic
because it wasn’t even in the
brain before and it was
just ours  ancestors these were the works of who
these tribes who lived here
are you from which city from the city of
khmelnitsky so ukraine is high
st petersburg so in the days of russia there
was st petersburg
there was no territory that where
now st petersburg was part of
russia
a  ukraine was under our territory, that
is, it turns out rus this and ukraine so it
turns out,
well, don’t put it, but the composition of russia, what
areas in general included the minuses of
modern ones, let’s just say where you
live exactly n  It’s true that it
turns out to be somewhat interesting, it’s just that the
Russians all present to Ukraine that here
Russia is Russia in Ukraine it’s
not like that, so the foundation of Russia of the
Russian empire all this came from
Kievan Rus and don’t see the
Russian from what year the Russian
empire is called the Russian empire but
before that
, it was true that before that, as it was called,
there was the Moscow kingdom there was the
Moscow kingdom, so
Muscovy, the Moscow garden, that is, it was
not even connected with Russia at
all, and
then they took the name
Russian,
not just me  I just don’t know who he is
who taught you that supposedly Ukraine
Russia is not the other way around, I just don’t know because of
this we argue when the common people have a
common history, since the common is gracious
why is it common why are the common people
put a mine look here I live on
this  the territory where Russia was so we have a
history so we have developed
your peoples so this is where St. Pete  erburg there
what tribes lived weakly 5 4 people
they didn’t relate in any way cool
well, that is, in general, in principle, they
ran away ice so baci pumpkins you start
Russians even reading an argument of
theirs you history so they
have pedro and a fart and
great Russian chauvinism, give camp and with
all understanding
collapsing nobuns russian ukraine yes 100
chu dumka to all our sleep vero moda